[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
this is the story of Little Red Riding
Hood once upon a time there was a little
girl who lived in a village near a big
forest her grandmother had made her a
beautiful red cloak with a big red hood
which she wore every time she went
outside and so everyone in the village
called her Little Red Riding Hood one
day Little Red Riding Hood's mother said
grandma isn't feeling very well
will you take this basket of food
through the forest to her cottage yes
mother said Little Red Riding Hood I
sure would love to see grandma she put
on her red cloak and she pulled up her
red hood and she took the basket of food
into the forest
remember her mother called after her
don't talk to any strangers along the
way I wait Little Red Riding Hood
promised and she skipped down the path
and into the woods Little Red Riding
Hood did not have to worry about getting
lost in the forest because she knew the
way to Grandma's house very well
but along the way she saw some beautiful
wildflowers growing near the path I bet
grandma would really love these she said
to herself and she stopped to pick a few
girl said a deep growling voice from
behind her Little Red Riding Hood was
very startled she spun around and saw a
big bad wolf standing in the shadows
between two trees Frye said Little Red
Riding Hood she didn't know that the
wolf was bad and she had already
forgotten her mother's words about
talking to strangers where are you going
on this fine day asked the big bad wolf
going to my grandma's cottage on the
other side of the forest said Little Red
Riding Hood she isn't feeling very well
so I'm bringing her this basket of food
and these flowers what a sweet girl you
are said the big bad wolf he smiled and
showed his mouth full of sharp teeth
the big bad wolf was quite hungry and he
was not interested in the basket of food
I had better be going said Little Red
Riding Hood and she skipped off down the
path the big bad Wolf's stomach grumbled
and growled with hunger and suddenly he
had an idea as quick as he could he ran
through the forest all the way to
Grandma's cottage the sneaky wolf opened
the door very quietly and found grandma
sleep in her bed he picked up the old
woman opened his great big mouth and he
swallowed poor grandma in one gulp then
the big bad wolf climbed into the bed
and pulled the blanket up to his chin he
put on grandma's glasses and her
nightcap and he waited for the little
girl to arrive with her flowers and
basket of food when Little Red Riding
Hood arrived at the cottage she opened
the door quietly and found grandma lying
in bed hey she said mother told me you
weren't feeling well so I brought some
food and some flowers
do you like them said the wolf in his
fake grandma voice come closer
hi dear Little Red Riding Hood took a
step closer and she noticed that
something looked a little different
about grandma my she said what big eyes
you have grandma oh the better to see
you with said the big bad wolf come
closer my dear Little Red Riding Hood
took another step closer to the bed my
she said what big ears you have grandma
Oh better to hear you with replied the
wolf come closer my dear Little Red
Riding Hood took one more step closer my
what big teeth you have
she said in surprise all the better to
eat you with growled the big bad wolf he
jumped out of the bed and as he opened
his great big mouth Little Red Riding
Hood shrieked and tried to run but the
hungry wolf grabbed her up and swallowed
Little Red Riding Hood in just one goal
[Music]
outside the cottage a woodsman happened
to be walking through the forest when he
heard Little Red Riding Hood's shriek of
surprise he hurried inside and he saw
the wolf with his huge round belly the
woodsman grabbed the big bad wolf turned
him upside down and shook him by his
feet Little Red Riding Hood came
tumbling out of the wolf's mouth and
grandma followed the three of them
chased the big bad wolf out of the
cottage out of the forest and over the
hill the big bad wolf
ran for his life and was never seen
again
Little Red Riding Hood learned her
lesson and she never ever talked to
strangers again the end and subscribe to
our channel so you can stay updated on
all new videos
[Music]